shoes that we don't know Robbie oh man I
don't know I wish you wanna know what
you love most about about the girls the
girls yeah I love most about their
answers girls in general perfect people
my mom's girls so that's the reason I'm
here okay
and what did you eat to stay in good
shape your dad's and you know energy
then I went upstairs an aged about two
steaks just now I just came out here to
get some fresh air this gets hot up
there I found myself very steaks and
partying so you know just anything with
protein and I'm trying to stay in the
game so I gotta fix it no it is so -
sorry
thank you
I got away from my mother first no class
yeah you don't want to give a gift
if I tell you he'll probably be out
before before she even gets together
self tell me a great gift though
something great little here try to work
on something that goes peepee that's a
good kid trying to work on it up we'll
see how it works out my mom never comes
up would you gonna get your mom a
month's payment
got it planned out my grandmother's are
still with me by the way yeah that's a
blessing
who's the one that does the cooking in
the house wait one
but you know that we have a certain
grandmother's that they're the ones that
will start doing the homemade stuff go
back and forth sometimes like my oldest
grandma she actually stopped cooking as
much as she used to right obviously my
younger one is still cooking it up so
she's gonna leave right now but don't
get me wrong my grandma's is that a
prerequisite for somebody you're gonna
marry in the future that they got it
know how to cook up some steak or
something right it's a granny over there
we were all watching yeah they seemed
crazy recently everybody's been coming
out with the cookbook you know they say
kids say the darndest things
your grandma's in the darkness earth
grandma's to keep me rolling right I'm
thinking about getting in with Twitter
so